Web-scarping:Web scraping is the process of collecting and parsing raw data from the Web.

Why we use:Web scraping is used to collect large information from websites.
Price Comparison:
Email address gathering:
Social Media Scraping:
Research and Development: 
Job listings:

Why is Python Good for Web Scraping?
Ease of Use:
Large Collection of Libraries: 
Dynamically typed: 
Easily Understandable Syntax: 
Small code,large task:
Community:

How Do You Scrape Data From A Website?
To extract data using web scraping with python, you need to follow these basic steps:
Find the URL that you want to scrape
Inspecting the Page
Find the data you want to extract
Write the code
Run the code and extract the data
Store the data in the required format.

Libraries used for Web Scraping:
Selenium:  Selenium is a web testing library. It is used to automate browser activities.
BeautifulSoup: Beautiful Soup is a Python package for parsing HTML and XML documents.It creates parse trees that is helpful to extract the data easily.
Pandas: Pandas is a library used for data manipulation and analysis. It is used to extract the data and store it in the desired format.

Beautiful Soup:Beautiful Soup is a Python library that is used for web scraping purposes to pull the data out of HTML and XML files.

XML stands for eXtensible Markup Language. It was designed to store and transport small to medium amounts of data and is widely used for sharing structured information.

The parser module provides an interface to Python's internal parser and byte-code compiler. The primary purpose for this interface is to allow Python code to edit the parse tree of a Python expression and create executable code from this.

span() method returns a tuple containing starting and ending index of the matched string. If group did not contribute to the match it returns(-1,-1). Parameters: group (optional) By default this is 0.

<strong>: The Strong Importance element. The <strong> HTML element indicates that its contents have strong importance, seriousness, or urgency. Browsers typically render the contents in bold type
